Add project ideas on Federated LF on Zephyr and FreeRTOS support (#21)
lf-lang/embedded-lab: src/Project.md

8. **AI robot.**  According to its [wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RP2040), the RP2040 is sufficiently powerful to run [TensorFlow Lite](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TensorFlow#TensorFlow_Lite). The goal of this project is to test this claim and develop some meaningful application running on the robot and using machine learning.

9. **Distributed computing using Zephyr.** Lingua Franca supports distributed computing on platforms such as Linux and macOS. Recent work has also been done to support distributed LF programs on Zephyr. There is Zephyr support for both the RP2040 and for running BSD Sockets over the USB connection of the RP2040. The goal of this project is to run a distributed LF program spanning a RP2040 and a Linux desktop through a USB connection. Support for distributed LF on Zephyr is provided in [this PR](https://github.com/lf-lang/reactor-c/pull/232).

> 10. **Symmetric multi-processing using FreeRTOS.** FreeRTOS is a free and popular real-time operating system with support for symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) on RP2040. This project consists in getting the SMP sample applications from FreeRTOS running on the RPi Pico and eventually adding LF platform support for FreeRTOS. The project should include some experiments evaluating the performance of the approach. More info on SMP using Pico and FreeRTOS [here](https://freertos.org/smp-demos-for-the-raspberry-pi-pico-board.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. **Symmetric multi-processing using FreeRTOS.** FreeRTOS is a free and popular real-time operating system with support for symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) on RP2040. This project consists of getting the SMP sample applications from FreeRTOS running on the RPi Pico and eventually adding LF platform support for FreeRTOS. The project should include some experiments to evaluate the performance of the approach. More info on SMP using Pico and FreeRTOS [here](https://freertos.org/smp-demos-for-the-raspberry-pi-pico-board.html).
```
